Don't be too arrogant, boy
Kill you, my Zhang family is rich
The Zhang family is still the same
Then my Bai family is also rich
I don't deserve to be as rich as a Zen family
I'm afraid this garbage will be destroyed by Yandu
The four major families jointly demand that the corpse be torn into pieces
Are you stupid?
He just uses his laughter
Just cover up the fear in his heart
I laughed at the white paper on the Great Xia Law
The capital offense written in black on the first article
comfortable
You only see power and status.
I laugh at your stupidity
Lowly, shameless and pathetic
The reason why Huaxia can have today's peace
The reason why you can bully men and bully women with peace of mind
Embezzlement
It is not because the soldiers sacrificed their lives
All because they use their flesh and blood
Forge an impregnable city wall
Keep the war beyond the borders
As the so-called 30 years of peace
100,000 Piles of White Bones
Poor Huding River Ghost
It's still a dream of returning to spring
But now
He was actually asking for a piece of land to settle the bones, but he couldn't get it.
I dare ask if you really see money and power in your eyes
Is the lust full?
There is no remnant of justice and conscience
The boy is so beautiful
I heard it all on fire
Too bad I didn't
Hahahahaha, sorry.
In this world
Status is everything
And now you're not a dog's fart, so what?
We'll still kill you